docs: clarification around proprietary vs code ext (#2892)
gitpod-io/website: gitpod/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode-extensions.md

You can view all pre-installed extensions by navigating to VS Code's Extensions section on the left-hand side. In the "Search Extensions in Marketplace" input field, type `@builtin` to see the built-in extensions.

## Use of Microsoft-owned extensions in Gitpod

> Unfortunately, with [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), you can only use extensions available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. If you wish to use extensions from Microsoft's VS Code Marketplace, you **can** leverage the [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode) integration, since Microsoft allows the use of their marketplace for Microsoft Software (see their [ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`). Here are some of the extensions that you **can't** use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Drop the unfortunately, no added value from the sentiment :D 
**Suggestion:** Directly quote the marketplace policy, so there is no interpretation on our side. 
**Suggestion:** Remove extra emphasis, too many bolded items make you wonder "what should I actually pay attention to?", let's be judicious and sparing with the use of bolding/emphasis. 

```suggestion
With [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), you can only use extensions available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. If you wish to use extensions from Microsoft's VS Code Marketplace with Gitpod, you must use [VS Code Desktop](vscode) only, as Microsoft only allows the use of their marketplace via "Microsoft’s publicly supported interfaces" (see their [ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`) which includes the Gitpod VS Code Browser integration. 

**Extensions not available in VS Code Browser**

The following extensions are not available in VS Code Browser, as they Microsoft has not published them to the OpenVSX marketplace, and therefore they are unavailable:
```

> Sadly, you can't use all extensions from the VS Code Marketplace on Gitpod with [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser) if they are not available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. But, you **can** use them with [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode), _because Microsoft allows the use of their marketplace for Microsoft Software_ (See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`). But it comes with a small trade-off regarding [settings sync](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync#gitpod-vs-microsoft-settings-sync). Here are some of the extensions that you can't use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:

Reviewer 2: Had a go with this and re-worded it a bit, let me know what you think :).

Also removed this:

> But it comes with a small trade-off regarding settings sync

because the linked Settings Sync doc doesn't mention any limitations and if they exist undocumented, I'm unaware of them.

```suggestion
Unfortunately, with [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), you can only use extensions available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. If you wish to use extensions from Microsoft's VS Code Marketplace, you **can** leverage the [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode) integration, since Microsoft allows the use of their marketplace for Microsoft Software (see their [ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`). Here are some of the extensions that you **can't** use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:
```

- [Microsoft Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance)
- [Microsoft C#](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp)
- [Microsoft .Net](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime)
- [Microsoft C++](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools)
- [GitHub Copilot](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot)

> _& many more from Microsoft..._

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Let's remove, it's not helpful to add this unless we link to a list of the extensions. 

```suggestion
```

> <!-- TODO: Following needs to be updated with public API release -->

Author: It is just there in the markdown comments (for us). It would not be visible to the user (website)

> <!-- TODO: Following needs to be updated with public API release -->

Author: But, Yeah this looks outdated in this case

> <!-- TODO: Following needs to be updated with public API release -->

Author: ```suggestion
```

> ## Install VS Code extensions from VSIX

Reviewer: Should we mention that this is a file/zip? 

```suggestion
## Install VS Code extensions from a VSIX file
```

> You can also develop and install your own extensions. While developing the extension, you can also test it by just uploading the `.vsix` file. Note that installing a `.vsix` file in Gitpod will not list that extension anywhere publicly except in your own `.gitpod.yml`, so you can also install private extensions that way. But, if you are defining the `.vsix` file source in `.gitpod.yml` for future configurations, provided file source should be public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can develop and install your own extensions. While developing the extension, you can test it by uploading the `.vsix` file to your Gitpod workspace. Note that installing a `.vsix` file in Gitpod will not list that extension anywhere publicly except in your own `.gitpod.yml`, so you can install any private extensions using manual VSIX installation. If you are defining the `.vsix` file source in a `.gitpod.yml` configuration, the provided VSIX path must be publicly accessible.
```

> ## Develop VS Code extensions
> 
> You can also develop and install your own extensions.While, developing extenion, you can also test it by just uploading `.vsix` file. Note that installing a `.vsix` file in Gitpod will not list that extension anywhere publicly except in your own `.gitpod.yml`, so you can also install private extensions that way. But, if you are defining the `.vsix` file source in `.gitpod.yml` for future configurations, provided file source should be public.

Author: ```suggestion
## Install VS Code extensions from VSIX

You can also develop and install your own extensions. While developing the extension, you can also test it by just uploading the `.vsix` file. Note that installing a `.vsix` file in Gitpod will not list that extension anywhere publicly except in your own `.gitpod.yml`, so you can also install private extensions that way. But, if you are defining the `.vsix` file source in `.gitpod.yml` for future configurations, provided file source should be public.
```

@loujaybee wdyt about the title?

Reviewer 2: @Siddhant-K-code I would personally write more about that it is by no means limited to "your extensions" -> it can be any extension the user has a `.vsix` for, which they could download off of GitHub, Open VSX or anywhere else. 

Also important to clear up what a "file source" is, as well as what it means for links to these extensions to be public.

## Open VSX

> Open VSX is an open source VS Code extensions registry. For VS Code Browser, we use the public instance provided by the [Eclipse Foundation](https://www.eclipse.org/), [open-vsx.org](https://open-vsx.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open VSX is an open source VS Code extensions registry. For VS Code Browser in Gitpod, we use the public Open VSX instance provided by the [Eclipse Foundation](https://www.eclipse.org/), [open-vsx.org](https://open-vsx.org/).
```

### Why do we need Open VSX

> > It is only required for Gitpod in VS Code browser
> 
> Microsoft doesn't allow the use of the VS Code Marketplace for any non-Microsoft distribution of VS Code (for us, that's VS Code Browser), hence the use of an extensions registry without such restrictions. Read more about how you can [find available extensions in Open VSX](#where-do-i-find-extensions)

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** This looks duplicated with above, should we add a line here and link to the anchor above? 

```suggestion
VS Code Browser is prohibited from accessing the [Microsoft VS Code Extensions marketplace](#use-of-microsoft-owned-extensions-in-gitpod).

```

### Where do I find extensions?

> If you cannot find an extension by searching in Gitpod using [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), it probably means that the extension hasn't been added to the [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) registry yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you cannot find an extension by searching in Gitpod using [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), the extension likely hasn't been added to the [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) registry yet.
```

In that case, please reach out to the extension author and politely ask them to publish their extension to the vendor-neutral, open source Open VSX registry. The "[How to Publish an Extension](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions)" docs provide step-by-step instructions.

> > **Note**: Please note that `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod.
```

> ### Ask an author to publish on Open VSX

Author: ```suggestion
```

> If you are unable to find a VS Code extension, you can ask the author to [publish their VS Code Extension to the Open VSX regsitry](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions#how-to-publish-an-extension).

Author: ```suggestion
```

> If you are unable to find a VS Code extension, you can ask the author to [publish their VS Code Extension to Open VSX regsitry](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions#how-to-publish-an-extension).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are unable to find a VS Code extension, you can ask the author to [publish their VS Code Extension to the Open VSX regsitry](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions#how-to-publish-an-extension).
```

You can view all pre-installed extensions by navigating to VS Code's Extensions section on the left-hand side. In the "Search Extensions in Marketplace" input field, type `@builtin` to see the built-in extensions.

## Use of Microsoft-owned extensions in Gitpod

> With [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), you can only use extensions available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. If you wish to use extensions from Microsoft's VS Code Marketplace with Gitpod, you must use [VS Code Desktop](vscode) only, as Microsoft allows the use of their marketplace via "Microsoft’s publicly supported interfaces" (see their [ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`). This restriction of VS Code Marketplace extension applies to the Gitpod VS Code Browser integration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can only use extensions available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry with [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser) on Gitpod. Microsoft only permits use of their marketplace via "Microsoft’s publicly supported interfaces" (see their [ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`), and this restriction applies to the Gitpod VS Code Browser integration. If you wish to use extensions from Microsoft's VS Code Marketplace, you must use [VS Code Desktop](vscode). 
```

> **Extensions not available in VS Code Browser**
> 
> The following extensions are not available in VS Code Browser, as Microsoft has not published them to the OpenVSX marketplace, and therefore they are unavailable:

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Changed my mind, we can simplify, header and description are saying the same thing now 😬 

```suggestion
The following extensions are therefore not available in VS Code Browser:
```

## Install VS Code extensions from a VSIX file

It is possible to develop, install and test your own custom VS Code extensions in Gitpod. While developing the extension, you can test it by uploading the `.vsix` file to your Gitpod workspace. 

**Please note:** 

* You can install any private extensions using manual VSIX installation. 
* Installing a `.vsix` in Gitpod does not list that extension anywhere public
* Any `.vsix` referenced in the `.gitpod.yml` must be publicly accessible.

## Open VSX

Open VSX is an open source VS Code extensions registry. For VS Code Browser in Gitpod, we use the public Open VSX instance provided by the [Eclipse Foundation](https://www.eclipse.org/), [open-vsx.org](https://open-vsx.org/).

### Why do we need Open VSX

VS Code Browser is prohibited from accessing the Microsoft VS Code Extensions marketplace. 

See [Use of Microsoft owned extensions in Gitpod](#use-of-microsoft-owned-extensions-in-gitpod) for more. 

### Where do I find extensions?

If you cannot find an extension by searching in Gitpod using [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), the extension, in many cases, was not yet added to the [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) registry.

> In that case, please reach out to the extension author and politely ask them to publish their extension to the vendor-neutral, open source Open VSX registry. The "[How to Publish an Extension](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions)" docs provide step-by-step instructions.

Author: did a small update to this

> > **Note**: `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod. <br /><br />  See [Use of Microsoft owned extensions in Gitpod](#use-of-microsoft-owned-extensions-in-gitpod) for more. 
```

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note**: `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod.

See [Use of Microsoft owned extensions in Gitpod](#use-of-microsoft-owned-extensions-in-gitpod) for more.
```

In that case, please reach out to the extension author and politely ask them to publish their extension to the vendor-neutral, open source Open VSX registry. The "[How to Publish an Extension](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions)" docs provide step-by-step instructions.

> > **Note**: Please note that `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod, _because Microsoft prohibits the direct use of their marketplace by any non-Microsoft software_, even though most extensions are actually open source and not developed or maintained by Microsoft.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Let's add a section in here about Open VSX. 

* What is Open VSX (link)?
* Why we need to use Open VSX in Gitpod (e.g. only for browser)
* Which extensions are in Open VSX (how to check)
* How to ask an author to publish to Open VSX
* Relationship with OpenVSX and Settings Sync

CC: @filiptronicek you could support reviewing here.

> ## Use of proprietary extensions from VS Code Marketplace

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Let's scope this to Microsoft owned extensions, and add a separate section about for Open VSX and try not to conflate (to avoid confusion).

```suggestion
## Use of Microsoft owned extensions in Gitpod
```

> Sadly, you can't use all the extensions from VS Code Marketplace on [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), if it is not available on [Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) registry. But, **you can use them on** [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode), _because Microsoft only allows the use of their markeplace for Microsoft Software_. But it comes with a small trade-off regarding [settings sync](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync#gitpod-vs-microsoft-settings-sync) & you need to manually install the extensions defined in your `.gitpod.yml`.

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** Can we link directly to the license agreement?

Reviewer 2: Let's do! See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section 1f

Author: resolved in [**`6482251`**](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/2892/commits/648225175cef0b9e7be51bbc94e6a957cc087944)

> <!-- TODO: Following needs to be updated with public API release -->

Reviewer: **Suggestion:** We should link some examples of the various extensions we cannot use in Gitpod. 

* Copilot
* Python
* CodeQL
* .NET

Reviewer 2: Here is a full list of them (compiled by yours truly 😆) https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/6609363fd34addba58cde7dc1e4e0993c6756118/lib/reportStat.js#L52-L95

Author: List would be a good idea? there's a lot 😢

Reviewer: Part of me says just list a sample, part of me says list them all, then we will always have search indexed for users. A comma separated list might not be too hard to maintain, there's what 20 of them? Would be nice if that file were exposed as a static JSON, Filip maybe we could integrate with it via a build step. e.g. fetch JSON contents, inject into file... 🤔 (or maybe this is just overcomplicating).

Author: > Would be nice if that file were exposed as a static JSON, Filip maybe we could integrate with it via a build step. e.g. fetch JSON contents, inject into file.

That's just overkill, no?

Author: > Here is a full list of them (compiled by yours truly 😆) https://github.com/open-vsx/publish-extensions/blob/6609363fd34addba58cde7dc1e4e0993c6756118/lib/reportStat.js#L52-L95

This list looks outdated, there are a lot of Extensions from GitHub also 😭. Can I send a PR to update that? @filiptronicek

Author: preview: 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/55068936/195903937-0a1c59e1-d317-4de4-b306-c003ea5ac982.png)

Author: pushed in [**`6482251`**](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/pull/2892/commits/648225175cef0b9e7be51bbc94e6a957cc087944)

In that case, please reach out to the extension author and politely ask them to publish their extension to the vendor-neutral, open source Open VSX registry. The "[How to Publish an Extension](https://github.com/eclipse/openvsx/wiki/Publishing-Extensions)" docs provide step-by-step instructions.

> **Note**: Please note that `.vsix` files downloaded from the [Visual Studio Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/vscode) should not be installed in Gitpod, _because Microsoft prohibits the direct use of their marketplace by any non-Microsoft software_ (See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section 1f), even though most extensions are actually open source and not developed or maintained by Microsoft.

## Use of Microsoft owned extensions in Gitpod

> Sadly, you can't use all the extensions from VS Code Marketplace on Gitpod in [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), if it is not available on [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. But, **you can use them on** [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode), _because Microsoft only allows the use of their markeplace for Microsoft Software_ (See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section 1f). But it comes with a small trade-off regarding [settings sync](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync#gitpod-vs-microsoft-settings-sync) & you need to manually install the extensions defined in your `.gitpod.yml`. Here are some of the extensions that you can't use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sadly, you can't use all extensions from the VS Code Marketplace on Gitpod with [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), if thezy are not available on the [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. But, you **can** use them with [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode), _because Microsoft allows the use of their marketplace for Microsoft Software_ (See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section `1f`). But it comes with a small trade-off regarding [settings sync](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync#gitpod-vs-microsoft-settings-sync) & you need to manually install the extensions defined in your `.gitpod.yml`. Here are some of the extensions that you can't use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:
```

> Sadly, you can't use all the extensions from VS Code Marketplace on Gitpod in [VS Code Browser](vscode-browser), if it is not available on [Open VSX](#open-vsx) registry. But, **you can use them on** [**VS Code Desktop**](vscode), _because Microsoft only allows the use of their markeplace for Microsoft Software_ (See the [MS ToS](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M190_20210811.1/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf) section 1f). But it comes with a small trade-off regarding [settings sync](/docs/references/ides-and-editors/settings-sync#gitpod-vs-microsoft-settings-sync) & you need to manually install the extensions defined in your `.gitpod.yml`. Here are some of the extensions that you can't use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser:

Reviewer 3: >  you need to manually install the extensions defined in your `.gitpod.yml`.

It is not true?

Author: I misread the [settings sync issue](https://github.com/gitpod-io/gitpod/issues/13091). Will update this.

Reviewer 2: I think so too, couldn't find the logic (only found it for web), but I think you don't have to do this.

- [Microsoft Pylance](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-python.vscode-pylance)
- [Microsoft C#](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.csharp)
- [Microsoft .Net](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime)
- [Microsoft C++](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode.cpptools)
- [GitHub Copilot](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=GitHub.copilot)

<details>

<summary>Full List of VS Code extensions that you can't use on Gitpod in VS Code Browser</summary>

- Microsoft Liveshare
- GitHub Remotehub
- GitHub Codespaces
- GitHub CodeQL
- Microsoft cpptools-extension-pack
- Microsoft vscode-arduino
- Unity unity-debug
- cake-build cake-vscode
- platformio platformio-ide
- Microsoft IntelliCode
- Microsoft remote-wsl
- Microsoft remote-containers
- Microsoft remote-ssh
- Microsoft remote-ssh-edit
- Microsoft vscode-remote-extensionpack
- Microsoft vsliveshare
- Microsoft vsliveshare-pack
- Microsoft vsliveshare-audio
- Microsoft gather

> - Microsoft vscode-ai

Reviewer 2: suggestion: because this is not an exhaustive/full list (it is manually curated), I would rather just grab some of these (like GitHub Copilot, IntelliCode, CPP Tools, all the remote exts) and if required, link to the list I shared. Basically so that we don't repeat ourselves here and don't have to worry about updating this doc if something changes.

Reviewer: **Thought(non-blocking):** For the top 5, would be nice to have links back to the repos, also 🙏

Reviewer 2: I wouldn't include the repos TBH (if you mean repos of the proprietary extensions), as most of them don't have one (because they're not OSS 👀), and some of these that do just act as "feedback repos".

Author: We can link to their VS Code Marketplace URLs :)

</details>

<!-- TODO: Following needs to be updated with public API release -->

## Develop VS Code extensions

> 

Reviewer 2: suggestion: if we're talking about developing extensions, why don't link to the [VS Code Guide](https://code.visualstudio.com/api/extension-guides/overview) for making extensions? 👀

Reviewer: I don't really understand the purpose of this paragraph, I think it needs removing (or rewording)

CC: @akosyakov - any thoughts? ☝️

Reviewer 3: > I don't really understand the purpose of this paragraph

Unfortunately I don't have the original context. It looks it says that VS Code supports installing of vsix files in .gitpod.yml as well as running VS Code extensions from sources.

> We don't support that AFAIK, without the user rolling their own download / authentication mechanism?

It depends on URL, if it does not need auth it works.

Author: > It looks it says that VS Code supports installing of vsix files in .gitpod.yml as well as running VS Code extensions from sources.

Yeah, if you define any public URL of the `.vsix` file. Then Gitpod will be able to install & enable that extension.

Reviewer: I think this is now covered, will resolve 🙏

You can also develop and install your own extensions. Note that installing a `.vsix` file in Gitpod will not list that extension anywhere publicly except in your own `.gitpod.yml`, so you can also install private extensions that way.

## Open VSX

[Open VSX](https://open-vsx.org/) is an Open Source registry which provides VS Code Extensions.

### Why do we need Open VSX

> It is only required for Gitpod in VS Code browser

> Microsoft doesn't allow you to use VS Code Marketplace for any non-Microsoft product, so as an alternative we are required some service to install VS Code Extensions on Gitpod VS Code Browser.

Reviewer 2: suggestion (nit): reword

Thinking of re-writing a bit, because 1 - we could make it easier to understand by being more specific about their ToS.

> so as an alternative we are required some service

Didn't really understand this, please let me know if my suggestion doesn't take this into account.

```suggestion
Microsoft doesn't allow the use of the VS Code Marketplace for any non-Microsoft distribution of VS Code (for us, that's VS Code Browser), hence the use of an extensions registry without such restrictions.
```

### Available extensions in Open VSX

> You Can check the availibilty of your required extension by just searching it on their [website](https://open-vsx.org/) or directly on Gitpod VS Code Browser.

Author: @loujaybee, How should I Purge this with [#L61-L67](https://github.com/gitpod-io/website/blob/5bc4a097553a453c54aa6b5078e03940b16088a1/gitpod/docs/references/ides-and-editors/vscode-extensions.md?plain=1#L61-L67)?

Reviewer: We should consider: 

1. Breaking the page up into Open VSX extensions and Microsoft Extensions sections
2. Add some introduction that explains them both / when each is used
3. Keep content hierarchically under one or the other, so it's clear which marketplace we're referring to
